There are 3 types of turn sensors on the AOG Auto Steer Configuration UI;

"Turn Sensor" - This a rotary encoder with two sub types; Single and Quadrature. The AOG UI does not have a setting for Single vs Quadrature so a Teensy Web UI setting will need to be created.
"Pressure Turn" - This is an analog hydraulic pressure sensor.
"Current Turn" - This is a current reading from the DRV8701 chips.
"Turn Sensor" implementation
This implementation uses the Teensy Encoder.h/cpp library located in ./lib/Encoder folder.
The pins (KICKOUT_A_PIN & KICKOUT_D_PIN) are defined in /Users/chris/Documents/Code/Firmware_Teensy_AiO-NG-v6/include/pcb.h
The library object is created in /Users/chris/Documents/Code/Firmware_Teensy_AiO-NG-v6/include/common.h
The Pins are init's in /Users/chris/Documents/Code/Firmware_Teensy_AiO-NG-v6/include/autosteer.h
The two encode types are read in /Users/chris/Documents/Code/Firmware_Teensy_AiO-NG-v6/include/autosteer.h lines 292 - 309

"Pressure Turn" Implementation
This sensor also uses KICKOUT_A_PIN but an analogRead. The code can be found in /Users/chris/Documents/Code/Firmware_Teensy_AiO-NG-v6/include/autosteer.h lines 320 - 333

"Current Turn" implementation
The current implementation uses either the Keya motor data for Keya or the CURRENT_PIN which is defined in the New Dawn code. We will not use the Keya current for kickout as we have the improved "motor slip" algorithm for Keya motor kickout.
The current implemenation for the current kickout can be found in /Users/chris/Documents/Code/Firmware_Teensy_AiO-NG-v6/include/autosteer.h lines 342 - 348.

The readings from the turn sensor are sent back to AOG using PGN250. The current implementation of PGN250 can be found in : /Users/chris/Documents/Code/Firmware_Teensy_AiO-NG-v6/include/udpHandlers.h Lines 470-495.